legal/terms-of-service.md, before:

# Term's Of Service

Effective: October 16th, 2023

Last Updated: October 16th, 2023

## Introduction

Welcome to BrickVerse, a site where users can create everything they want! By using BrickVerse, you agree to the terms of service. Please read the terms thoroughly and frequently.&#x20;

It is the responsibility of you, or your parent/guardian to read the Terms of Service before proceeding to use the BrickVerse platform.&#x20;

If you for any reason disagree with the terms, we ask you to not use our website in any way or form.

## Your agreement to the Terms of Services and rules bound in addition

The following document is an agreement between you, the other users of this platform and BrickVerse.&#x20;

All users of the site, including but not limited to the employees must agree and follow the Terms of Services while using the BrickVerse platform. In addition to the Terms of Services, you will also agree to additional terms outlined by the administration team of BrickVerse on other sections of the platform that bind to the Terms of Services.&#x20;

If you do not agree to the Terms of Service, then you are prohibited to not use our platform in any shape or form until acceptance of our Term's Of Service.

By accepting the Terms Of Service you agree to the Privacy Policy, Purchase Agreement, Refund Policy.

## Your acceptance of the Privacy Policy

To operate, BrickVerse collects information about you and other users. For more information about how we use your information, and what information we collect see the Privacy Policy.

## Your account and account security

There are a couple of rules you must agree with when an account is created and used. Those rules will be defined in this section.

1. You are the sole authorizer upon creation of an account on the BrickVerse platform. You are responsible for the confidentiality of your account's password, Authorization Cookies, Authorization Keys, and are responsible for all actions you perform on the BrickVerse platform.&#x20;
   1. The BrickVerse administration team will support when you lose your account for any reason when not otherwise possible, however, we can only help you succeed when we can prove that the lost and/or stolen account belongs to you.&#x20;
   2. For this reason, we ask you to use a legitimate e-mail address so we can verify that you own your account.
2. It is strictly prohibited to share, sell, give away or lend your account to and with anyone except for your parent(s) and/or guardian(s).&#x20;
   1. If you notice any unauthorized usage of your account(s), we ask you that you sign out all sessions from your account and change your password immediately. Also, you may also choose to contact us through the support desk at help.brickverse.co.

## Code of Conduct

Users of our platform must acknowledge that all content posted by them falls entirely under their responsibility.&#x20;

To maintain a clean community, we ask you to abide by the following rules. Your account will be suspended on the violation of those rules and membership on BrickVerse will be prohibited for the duration of the placed suspension by the BrickVerse administration.

By using our platform, you agree to not use our platform to perform any of the following actions:

1. Insult, harass, stalk, defame or publish private/personal information of another person  regardless of their position.
2. Attempt to circumvent any protection in place to prevent profanity.
3. Impersonate other members, staff members, legal agents or other types of people and entities that are not you or you do not represent.
4. Upload copyrighted content that you do not have legal authorization to use. This includes, but is not limited to images. When you believe your copyright has been infringed by any user, please refer to our DMCA submission page.
5. Send invalid requests, spam or otherwise disrupt the BrickVerse service. When you believe to have found a vulnerability or a bug, please contact us at bounty@rampage.place.
6. Spam forum posts, forum replies, chat messages or wall posts on any section of the platform.
7. Search for a date on the BrickVerse platform. BrickVerse is not a dating platform.
8. Transmit sexually content, including suggestive content of any kind (images, text, ASCII art, etc.).
9. Giving out or transmitting personal information of any kind, including email, full name, password, home or other address, telephone number, social security, passport or national identity number, real life, personal, or family photos (these are not permitted for upload) and other personally identifiable information.
10. Harassment and Cyberbullying will NOT be tolerated on BrickVerse.
11. Discriminatory Speech or Actions are strictly not allowed on the platform, including based off, race or ethnic origin, national origin, religion or religious affiliation, disability or disease, gender, gender identity, or sexual orientation, age, or veteran status.
12. We will block inappropriate content including clothing with red arm bands, Nazi Swastikas, Confederate flags, and Ugandan Knuckles memes.

BrickVerse reserves the right to remove any content from our platform, including but not limited to your account for any reason at any time. In addition to that, we also reserve the right to preserve deleted content or information required for law enforcement or to otherwise comply with the Terms of Service.

BrickVerse will fully cooperate with law enforcement regardless of warrant or not. RAMPAGE Interactive actively works with Law Enforcement, and will hand over all data upon request.

## Contributions

We allow our users to contribute feedback to our website or otherwise contribute to the development of the platform.&#x20;

When you do submit ideas, or otherwise contribute, you agree and acknowledge that your contribution shall automatically become the sole property of BrickVerse and that BrickVerse is under no obligation to either compensate or provide any form of reimbursement in any manner or nature.

## Alternate Accounts

We strictly **do not allow ALTERNATE ACCOUNTS** from the same person. IP bans will be put into place if you use alternate accounts without permission from BrickVerse.

Accounts are automatically limited based on IP Address, Phone Number, and Email Address.

## Commercial usage

You agree to not duplicate, copy, trade, resell, exploit or replicate any part of BrickVerse. This includes the usability of our platform and the accessibility to our platform. You may be subject to prosecution if you infringe on our copyrighted material(s).

## Terminations

We reserve the right to terminate your account or prohibit access to any part of our service whether temporarily or permanently for any reason at any given time. Also, we also reserve the right to restrict access to any feature of our platform for any reason whether permanently or temporarily at any time.

## Modifications

BrickVerse reserves the right to modify and/or discontinue any part of our service whether temporarily or permanently with or without prior notice. We shall not be held liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension and/or the discontinuance of the service and its features.

* The violation of the Terms of Service will result in the suspension of your account, to avoid any conflict we request that you comply with the Terms of Service.
* We reserve all rights to change this policy with or without notice at any time. It is recommended that you regularly review this policy to make sure you still agree with this policy.
* Usage of the site you agree to the Term's Of Service, Privacy Policy, and the Community Guidelines.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-42: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

legal/terms-of-service.md, after:

# Term's Of Service

Effective: October 16th, 2023

Last Updated: October 16th, 2023

## Introduction

Welcome to BrickVerse, a site where users can create everything they want! By using BrickVerse, you agree to the terms of service. Please read the terms thoroughly and frequently.&#x20;

It is the responsibility of you, or your parent/guardian to read the Terms of Service before proceeding to use the BrickVerse platform.&#x20;

If you for any reason disagree with the terms, we ask you to not use our website in any way or form.

## Your agreement to the Terms of Services and rules bound in addition

The following document is an agreement between you, the other users of this platform and BrickVerse.&#x20;

All users of the site, including but not limited to the employees must agree and follow the Terms of Services while using the BrickVerse platform. In addition to the Terms of Services, you will also agree to additional terms outlined by the administration team of BrickVerse on other sections of the platform that bind to the Terms of Services.&#x20;

If you do not agree to the Terms of Service, then you are prohibited to not use our platform in any shape or form until acceptance of our Term's Of Service.

By accepting the Terms Of Service you agree to the Privacy Policy, Purchase Agreement, Refund Policy, and Virtual Currency Policy.

When BrickVerse releases amendments to Term's Of Service, Privacy Policy, new policy creation, etc. it's your duty to review these changes. If you disagree with new agreements you are to immediately cease usage of BrickVerse. We typically will put out a notice of the new changes, by E-mail, site banner, site and/or device notification, phone texts, etc.

BrickVerse's Link Phone feature is designed to facilitate communication among users within our virtual environment. It allows for text messaging/notifications, fostering connections and interactions. Users should be aware that while using this feature, any text messages sent through the Link Phone may be subject to standard text messaging fees, depending on their mobile service provider's terms and conditions. BrickVerse cannot be held responsible for any costs or fees related to text messaging, data usage, or any other charges incurred by users when utilizing the Link Phone feature.&#x20;

By using the Link Phone feature, users agree to release BrickVerse from any liability associated with phone text fees or any other financial obligations arising from its usage.&#x20;

Usage of Link Phone incurs charges requiring a Membership Plan. Monthly with your BrickVerse Membership plan you will be given a set limit of text messages. If you exceed that limit for the month, messages will no longer be sent till your plan is renewed again for the next month. You won't be charged anything, its included with membership pricing by default.

## Your acceptance of the Privacy Policy

To operate, BrickVerse collects information about you and other users. For more information about how we use your information, and what information we collect see the Privacy Policy.

## Your account and account security

There are a couple of rules you must agree with when an account is created and used. Those rules will be defined in this section.

1. You are the sole authorizer upon creation of an account on the BrickVerse platform. You are responsible for the confidentiality of your account's password, Authorization Cookies, Authorization Keys, and are responsible for all actions you perform on the BrickVerse platform.&#x20;
   1. The BrickVerse administration team will support when you lose your account for any reason when not otherwise possible, however, we can only help you succeed when we can prove that the lost and/or stolen account belongs to you.&#x20;
   2. For this reason, we ask you to use a legitimate e-mail address so we can verify that you own your account.
2. It is strictly prohibited to share, sell, give away or lend your account to and with anyone except for your parent(s) and/or guardian(s).&#x20;
   1. If you notice any unauthorized usage of your account(s), we ask you that you sign out all sessions from your account and change your password immediately. Also, you may also choose to contact us through the support desk at help.brickverse.co.

## Code of Conduct

Users of our platform must acknowledge that all content posted by them falls entirely under their responsibility.&#x20;

To maintain a clean community, we ask you to abide by the following rules. Your account will be suspended on the violation of those rules and membership on BrickVerse will be prohibited for the duration of the placed suspension by the BrickVerse administration.

By using our platform, you agree to not use our platform to perform any of the following actions:

1. Insult, harass, stalk, defame or publish private/personal information of another person  regardless of their position.
2. Attempt to circumvent any protection in place to prevent profanity.
3. Impersonate other members, staff members, legal agents or other types of people and entities that are not you or you do not represent.
4. Upload copyrighted content that you do not have legal authorization to use. This includes, but is not limited to images. When you believe your copyright has been infringed by any user, please refer to our DMCA submission page.
5. Send invalid requests, spam or otherwise disrupt the BrickVerse service. When you believe to have found a vulnerability or a bug, please contact us at bounty@rampage.place.
6. Spam forum posts, forum replies, chat messages or wall posts on any section of the platform.
7. Search for a date on the BrickVerse platform. BrickVerse is not a dating platform.
8. Transmit sexually content, including suggestive content of any kind (images, text, ASCII art, etc.).
9. Giving out or transmitting personal information of any kind, including email, full name, password, home or other address, telephone number, social security, passport or national identity number, real life, personal, or family photos (these are not permitted for upload) and other personally identifiable information.
10. Harassment and Cyberbullying will NOT be tolerated on BrickVerse.
11. Discriminatory Speech or Actions are strictly not allowed on the platform, including based off, race or ethnic origin, national origin, religion or religious affiliation, disability or disease, gender, gender identity, or sexual orientation, age, or veteran status.
12. We will block inappropriate content including clothing with red arm bands, Nazi Swastikas, Confederate flags, and Ugandan Knuckles memes.

BrickVerse reserves the right to remove any content from our platform, including but not limited to your account for any reason at any time. In addition to that, we also reserve the right to preserve deleted content or information required for law enforcement or to otherwise comply with the Terms of Service.

BrickVerse will fully cooperate with law enforcement regardless of warrant or not. RAMPAGE Interactive actively works with Law Enforcement, and will hand over all data upon request.

## Contributions

We allow our users to contribute feedback to our website or otherwise contribute to the development of the platform.&#x20;

When you do submit ideas, or otherwise contribute, you agree and acknowledge that your contribution shall automatically become the sole property of BrickVerse and that BrickVerse is under no obligation to either compensate or provide any form of reimbursement in any manner or nature.

## Alternate Accounts

We strictly **do not allow ALTERNATE ACCOUNTS** from the same person. IP bans will be put into place if you use alternate accounts without permission from BrickVerse.

Accounts are automatically limited based on IP Address, Phone Number, and Email Address.

## Commercial usage

You agree to not duplicate, copy, trade, resell, exploit or replicate any part of BrickVerse. This includes the usability of our platform and the accessibility to our platform. You may be subject to prosecution if you infringe on our copyrighted material(s).

## Terminations

We reserve the right to terminate your account or prohibit access to any part of our service whether temporarily or permanently for any reason at any given time. Also, we also reserve the right to restrict access to any feature of our platform for any reason whether permanently or temporarily at any time.

## Modifications

BrickVerse reserves the right to modify and/or discontinue any part of our service whether temporarily or permanently with or without prior notice. We shall not be held liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension and/or the discontinuance of the service and its features.

* The violation of the Terms of Service will result in the suspension of your account, to avoid any conflict we request that you comply with the Terms of Service.
* We reserve all rights to change this policy with or without notice at any time. It is recommended that you regularly review this policy to make sure you still agree with this policy.
* Usage of the site you agree to the Term's Of Service, Privacy Policy, and the Community Guidelines.
